Release aftermath (#259)
scikit-learn-contrib/scikit-matter: docs/src/contributing.rst

You're good to go! Time to submit a `pull request.
<https://github.com/lab-cosmo/scikit-matter/pulls>`_

How to Perform a Release
-------------------------

1. **Prepare a Release Pull Request**

>    - Based on the main branch create branch ``release-0.4`` and a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Based on the main branch create branch ``release-x.y.z`` and a PR.
```
